README.md, before:

To install MPE, move the MPE folder you downloaded into KSP's Gamedata folder, as with any other mod!
To swap language to Russian, replace the en-us.cfg folder within MPE's main folder with the ru.cfg which can be found within the Localizations folder.
The license, README, THANK YOU!!.txt, and the Localizations folder itself are not necessary to MPE's functionality.

The Nereid folder, also found in the download, contains ribbons for use with Nereid's Final Frontier mod, which gives Kerbals badges for their achievements. This support was created by forum user @hemeac!
Special thank you to forum users @Coolguybest, @IIodyne, and @InterplanetJanet for additional support with bugfixes and additional features over the years!



An explaination on MPE's new **BONUS CONTENT**:
MPE has been given some ADDITIONAL, OPTIONAL FEATURES, for use alongside it!
Think of them as additional mini-mods!

These mini-mods are stored in self-contained folders within MPE's main Gamedata folder.
Simply navigate to MPE/Bonus and remove what you do not wish to include.
At this time, MPE contains three bonus packs:
- JoolRings (Adds a thin ring around Jool, similar to Jupiter's)
- OPMRings (Enhanced OPM Rings with Backscattering Support)
- ReEeloo (A revamp of Eeloo I made for ReSarnus, compatible with Stock/OPM)



MPE 1.1 Patch Notes:

*Added Support for Scatterer*
 - Ervo now supports scatterer for its atmosphere and lakes
 - Lint-Mikey and Geito now have cometary comas
   - These are repurposed Scatterer atmospheres 
   - Do Not Affect Gameplay

*Added Stock System Support*
 - When OPM is not installed, some of MPE's objects will be moved appropriately
   - Havous, Mracksis, Ervo, and Soden moved inwards
     (Orbits are proportional to Jool's orbit as they are with Neidon in OPM)
   - Crokslev made Jool Trojan
 - Stock system descriptions added for Crokslev, Havous, Mracksis, and Ervo

*Added Optional Bonus Content*
 - Jool Rings
 - Enhanced Jool Rings
 - Eeloo Overhaul

*Visual Enhancements*
 - New Scaled Space Textures
   - New lake colors and overlays for Ervo
   - Completely redone Archae colormap
   - Completely redone Havous colormap
   - Completely redone Crokslev colormap
   - Completely redone Zore colormap
   - Changed Crokslev's orbit color
   - Additional texturing added to Kal's colormap
   - Additional texturing added to Ki'Ki's colormap
   - Additional texturing added to Vant's colormap
   - Mracksis' colormap adjusted to reflect new terrain
   - Subtle slope coloration to break up Soden's flatter regions

*Enhanced Terrain*
 - Changes to PQS Terrain on Several Bodies
   - Ervo, increased deformity
   - Archae, increased deformity
   - Kal, added new noise mods
   - Ki'Ki, added new noise mods
   - Mracksis, increased deformity, added procedrual craters
   - Soden, increased deformity
   - Added new procedural craters to Zore

*Additional Functionality*
 - Added Stock Terrain Scatters for All Bodies

*Bug Fixes*
 - Fixed Flashing Terrain Errors
 - Fixed Terraced Terrain on Ki'Ki
 - Fixed Discolored Terrain on Ki'Ki
 - Fixed Irregular Resolution for Zore's Crater Heightmap
 - Identified Incompatibility with Stock Maneuver Tool 
   - (KSPCommunityFixes added as dependancy)
 - Adjusted PQS/Scaled Fades for Most Bodies

Commit message:

Spanish Language Option
Thank you Interplanet Janet!!

README.md, after:

To install MPE, move the MPE folder you downloaded into KSP's Gamedata folder, as with any other mod!
To swap languages, replace the en-us.cfg folder within MPE's main folder with the ru.cfg or es.cfg files which can be found within the Localizations folder.
The license, README, THANK YOU!!.txt, and the Localizations folder itself are not necessary to MPE's functionality.

The Nereid folder, also found in the download, contains ribbons for use with Nereid's Final Frontier mod, which gives Kerbals badges for their achievements. This support was created by forum user @hemeac!
Special thank you to forum users @Coolguybest, @IIodyne, and @InterplanetJanet for additional support with bugfixes and additional features over the years!

Thank you to @Kunosheru for the Russian Language Config and setting up MPE for localization, and @InterplanetJanet for MPE's Spanish Language Config!

An explaination on MPE's new **BONUS CONTENT**:
MPE has been given some ADDITIONAL, OPTIONAL FEATURES, for use alongside it!
Think of them as additional mini-mods!

These mini-mods are stored in self-contained folders within MPE's main Gamedata folder.
Simply navigate to MPE/Bonus and remove what you do not wish to include.
At this time, MPE contains three bonus packs:
- JoolRings (Adds a thin ring around Jool, similar to Jupiter's)
- OPMRings (Enhanced OPM Rings with Backscattering Support)
- ReEeloo (A revamp of Eeloo I made for ReSarnus, compatible with Stock/OPM)



MPE 1.1 Patch Notes:

*Added Support for Scatterer*
 - Ervo now supports scatterer for its atmosphere and lakes
 - Lint-Mikey and Geito now have cometary comas
   - These are repurposed Scatterer atmospheres 
   - Do Not Affect Gameplay

*Added Stock System Support*
 - When OPM is not installed, some of MPE's objects will be moved appropriately
   - Havous, Mracksis, Ervo, and Soden moved inwards
     (Orbits are proportional to Jool's orbit as they are with Neidon in OPM)
   - Crokslev made Jool Trojan
 - Stock system descriptions added for Crokslev, Havous, Mracksis, and Ervo

*Added Support for Kerbol System Expansion*

*Added Optional Bonus Content*
 - Jool Rings
 - Enhanced Jool Rings
 - Eeloo Overhaul

*Visual Enhancements*
 - New Scaled Space Textures
   - New lake colors and overlays for Ervo
   - Completely redone Archae colormap
   - Completely redone Havous colormap
   - Completely redone Crokslev colormap
   - Completely redone Zore colormap
   - Changed Crokslev's orbit color
   - Additional texturing added to Kal's colormap
   - Additional texturing added to Ki'Ki's colormap
   - Additional texturing added to Vant's colormap
   - Mracksis' colormap adjusted to reflect new terrain
   - Subtle slope coloration to break up Soden's flatter regions
   - Completely Remade Edas

*Enhanced Terrain*
 - Changes to PQS Terrain on Several Bodies
   - Ervo, increased deformity
   - Archae, increased deformity
   - Kal, added new noise mods
   - Ki'Ki, added new noise mods
   - Mracksis, increased deformity, added procedrual craters
   - Soden, increased deformity
   - Added new procedural craters to Zore

*Additional Functionality*
 - Added Stock Terrain Scatters for All Bodies
 - Added Spanish Translations Curtosy of @InterplanetJanet

*Bug Fixes*
 - Fixed Flashing Terrain Errors
 - Fixed Terraced Terrain on Ki'Ki
 - Fixed Discolored Terrain on Ki'Ki
 - Fixed Irregular Resolution for Zore's Crater Heightmap
 - Identified Incompatibility with Stock Maneuver Tool 
   - (KSPCommunityFixes added as dependancy)
 - Adjusted PQS/Scaled Fades for Most Bodies
